DD13 - Large Inactive balance (#206)
NethermindEth/Forta-Agents: DYDX-Bots/Large-Inactive-Balance/README.md

# Large Inactive Balance in Safety Module.

## Description

> This bot detect users with large Inactive balance for the next Epoch in dYdX Safety Module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This bot detects users with a large Inactive balance for the next Epoch in dYdX Safety Module.
```

> The bot can operate in two different modes, used to determine the threshold of a _large_ inactive balance.
>
> - `STATIC` mode refers to the bot using a static predefined threshold.
> - `PERCENTAGE` refers to setting the threshold as a percentage of the total staked tokens.

> > In order to switch between the two modes, change `DYNAMIC_CONFIG` to `STATIC_CONFG` in agent.ts, L60.

Reviewer: If all the user is supposed to do is change `DYANMIC_CONFIG` to `STATIC_CONFIG` in `agent.ts`, `STATIC_CONFIG` also needs to be imported into `agent.ts`.

## Supported Chains

- Ethereum

## Alerts

- DYDX-13
  - Fired when a user with large inactive balance is detected.
  - Severity is always set to "Info".
  - Type is always set to "Info".
  - Metadata includes:
    - `mode`: Indicates the operation mode of the bot. Can be `STATIC` or `PERCENTAGE`.
    - `staker`: Address of the staker with large inactive balance.
    - `inactiveBalance`: Inactive Balance of the staker.

## Test Data (Kovan)

> The bot behaviour can be verified with the following test transactions,generated through our PoC contracts deployed on Kovan testnet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bot behaviour can be verified with the following test transactions, generated through our PoC contracts deployed on Kovan testnet:
```

> - `TestToken` contract address: `0x136Bb1ff78FBb538B001DC4A50551A088cD0e3CD`.

> > - `TestSafetyModule`contract address: `0x1e1E83Da50b9c43314773F69B9746929cAC2177a`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - `TestSafetyModule` contract address: `0x1e1E83Da50b9c43314773F69B9746929cAC2177a`.
```
Missing space

> You can ajust `thresholdData` in `config.ts` for each mode in order to generate a finding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adjust `thresholdData` in `config.ts` for each mode in order to generate a finding.
```
Update note to make it clear that the `thresholdData` will need to be updated, otherwise no finding will be generated. Such as in the case of the `STATIC` mode.

Also, Due to updating the static threshold to use the 18 decimals, may need to create new transaction to test with.

Author: Note updated. 

I don't see why the test transactions need to be changes? 
Yes, 200 doesn't refer to 200 tokens but it's still a valid number that'll generate the expected finding when compared to the total staked tokens.
